Sentiment	SentimentText	LoggedIn
1	  ==RUDE== Dude, you are rude upload that carl picture back, or else.	TRUE
1	  == OK! ==  IM GOING TO VANDALIZE WILD ONES WIKI THEN!!!   	TRUE
1	   Stop trolling, zapatancas, calling me a liar merely demonstartes that you arer Zapatancas. You may choose to chase every legitimate editor from this site and ignore me but I am an editor with a record that isnt 99% trolling and therefore my wishes are not to be completely ignored by a sockpuppet like yourself. The consensus is overwhelmingly against you and your trollin g lover Zapatancas,  	TRUE
1	  ==You're cool==  You seem like a really cool guy... *bursts out laughing at sarcasm*.	FALSE
1	 ::::: Why are you threatening me? I'm not being disruptive, its you who is being disruptive.   	TRUE
1	  == hey waz up? ==  hey ummm... the fif four fifty one song... was the info inacurate?  did i spell something wrong? hmm... cause i don't think you have a right to delete ANYTHING that is accurate and that peple may want to read about fool. i don't like being pushed around especially by some little boy. got it?	TRUE
0	 ::::::::::I'm not sure either. I think it has something to do with merely ahistorical vs being derived from pagan myths. Price does believe the latter, I'm not sure about other CMT proponents.   	TRUE
0	" *::Your POV and propaganda pushing is dully noted. However listing interesting facts in a netral and unacusitory tone is not POV. You seem to be confusing Censorship with POV monitoring. I see nothing POV expressed in the listing of intersting facts. If you want to contribute more facts or edit wording of the cited fact to make them sound more netral then go ahead. No need to CENSOR interesting factual information. "	TRUE
0	  == File:Hildebrandt-Greg and Tim.jpg listed for deletion == An image or media file that you uploaded or altered, File:Hildebrandt-Greg and Tim.jpg, has been listed at Wikipedia:Files for deletion. Please see the discussion to see why this is (you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry), if you are interested in it not being deleted.     	TRUE
0	  ::::::::This is a gross exaggeration. Nobody is setting a kangaroo court. There was a simple addition concerning the airline. It is the only one disputed here.   	FALSE
1	"::No, I won't unrevert your edits!"" ""sounds more like you're writing their MARKETING material!!""  Don't get bossy with me. Or snippy either, Miss religious Bigot!  Kindly leave your hatred for Christianity at DailyKos before you log out there and log in over here as a...er...ahem...NPOV editor     "	FALSE
1	 ::::I heard Mark Kermode say today that Turbo was rubbish, and he's never *cough* wrong! He doesn't like F1 but he loved Senna and liked Rush as well.   	TRUE
1	   I am a sock puppet? THAT is my ban reason? This is my only account, and thanks for ignoring the bulk of my text. Wikipedia IS corrupt AND populated by idiots. I am free to say this, so please refrain from saying anything like that again. I didn't get banned for trolling, or personal attacks, I got banned because I changed an article to NPOV when the far majority of the editors here would rather the see the BNP article as a diatribe denouncing the party.	FALSE
1	   You twit, read the article before you revert edits. Power-mad jerks like you are ruining  this place	FALSE
0	" A tag has been placed on Jerome leung kam, requesting that it be speedily deleted from Wikipedia. This has been done because the article appears to be about a person, group of people, band, club, company, or web content, but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable: that is, why an article about that subject should be included in an encyclopedia. Under the criteria for speedy deletion, articles that do not assert the subject's importance or significance may be deleted at any time. Please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable.   If you think that you can assert the notability of the subject, you may contest the deletion. To do this, add  on the top of the page (just below the existing speedy deletion or ""db"" tag) and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position. Please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself, but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm the subject's notability under Wikipedia guidelines.  For guidelines on specific types of articles, you may want to check out our criteria for biographies, for web sites, for bands, or for companies. Feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this.   "	TRUE
1	  ==READ THIS== This is Wikipedia. It is a place where people come for infomation. So tell me how it is that a guy wants to check John Cena's recent activity in the WWE can't because SOME people want to keep the page unedited. It is not worth my time to try to bring new infomation to a page every month or two if you NERDS just change it back. THERE IS NO POINT WHATSOEVER! If I want to put what happened at Backlash I WILL BLODDY WELL PUT WHAT HAPPENED AT BACKLASH! Don't any of you nerds try and stop me!   	FALSE
0	"  == Administrator Complaint Filed Against You ==  I requested that you do not edit the article until the editor assistance has been sought. But you still added and the tag you added is fault because this is a professionally written article, besides the last section there is nothing about the article having a fan flavor to it. Before you add the add again please do show which section besides the ""What Ram's Fan's have to say about him"" seems written from a fan point of view. This article besides the last section adheres to the Wikpedia standard of writing. IF not please first prove it in my notes. As for the resource the technical person on the team is in the process of adding the refernce link to the source after which we will remove that tag as well.   Once again please do not add false tags, lets wait for the editor and the administrator, I did tell the administrator to look at the history and have provided your notes to him. So at this time, just have patience and lets wait.  I am  also forwarding this to the administrator from whom I have requested help. Like I said before, as adminstrator came to the page and made the necessary changes, she did not find the article sub-standard, so please refrain from adding tags.    "	TRUE
1	  It is a shame what people are here, I am disgusting of you.	TRUE
0	  :Hello Cielomobile. I have to say that I also belive that the edits made recently to the United States-Mexico barrier page were not vandalism. I understand that the topic of the border can be polemic, but I don't think that User:68.2.242.165 was vandalizing the page. Maybe you could use the talk page Talk:United States–Mexico barrier to lay out your objections to those edits without deleting them entirely. I think they were good-faith efforts to improve the article, and that is also one of the guiding principles of Wikipedia, to Assume Good Faith. It might help though, if the author of those edits were to register with Wikipedia so the edits won't appear merely with an IP address.  	TRUE
0	"  == my removal of your content on DNA melting ==  I removed the content you placed when creating the article because it was wrong and unreferenced. Mutations do not have ""weird structures""  a point mutation might start with a single nucleotide mismatch, but those are rapidly detected and repaired to form a stable bonded double-helix structure, and subsequent rounds of DNA replication match each base with its complement. Perhaps your wording was wrong, perhaps you were thinking of an obscure related technology that I have heard of, but you didn't give a reference and I'm not going to help you with this, because you're being rude. I find it disturbing that you apparently made this scientific page on wikipedia claiming a statement of fact that was in merely based on your own speculations.  "	TRUE
1	wiki shold dye!they should be ashame!j	FALSE
1	 I suggest you kill yourself.  	TRUE
1	 Yes, I was blocked for losing patience with you, and what I did then would constitute personal attack. Honest outspoken criticism that is based on fact is permitted though, and the shameless hate speech expressed here deserves more than just vocal criticism. As for you, I'll discuss you elsewhere. This isn't the place for that.     	TRUE
0	  Get yourself some help.  	TRUE
1	  == regarding threats ==  is not revert of person's edits, only unwarranted edit by bot. appeal has been made to bot but presumption of guilt on part of administrative base is sign of censorship so made edits again to see if reversion would occur second time. has not. please keep baseless threats to self, vulgar pedant.	TRUE
1	   Alright, your lack of fact checking and denial of truth is pathetic, especially by your staff.   Stop making comments, just to harass me.   You are assuming I'm everyone who doesn't agree with your wiki article. Pathetic.   I will continue to report them until your competent employees do the right thing.	FALSE
1	  Telling that you wouldn't answer my question. You are a hypocrit as anyone can see  	TRUE
1	  == YOUR INFORMATIONS ARE MISLEADING AND FULL OF ERRORS.  ==  YOUR INFORMATIONS ARE MISLEADING AND FULL OF ERRORS. IF THIS IS THE WAY YOU SERVE PEOPLE, I PITY THEM FOR BEING BRAINWASHED WITH LIES OF YOU.	TRUE
0	 AND I EVEN PUT A LINK TO A HIGHLIGHTS VIDEO ON YOUTUBE	TRUE